README.md, before:

### Howdy! 👋

I'm Perry, Based out of Los Angeles and currently looking for work in the full-stack world. I enjoy both client and server-side development and am happy working with either, I'm always looking to up my UX/UI design skills and database design knowledge/optimization! I recently wrapped up a remote internship at The Rithm School where I improved and expanded the student information portal, a large Django App built by a seasoned industry pro ( He set the bar high ). Hit me up if you want to collab or talk sports! 


- 🔭 I’m currently working on Becoming a better programmer and human being.
- 📫 How to reach me: *perry.j.vr@gmail.com*
- 😄 Pronouns: He/Him
- 🌱 I’m currently learning about better testing practices with React and Jest. 
- ⚡ Fun fact: I shoot photography! [check it out](https://perryvon.com)

<!--
**P-v-R/p-v-r** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

added finished portfolio site
Added website to README and updated to custom email

README.md, after:

### Howdy! 👋

I'm Perry, Based out of Los Angeles and currently looking for work in the full-stack world. I enjoy both client and server-side development and am happy working with either, I'm always looking to up my UX/UI design skills and database design knowledge/optimization! I recently wrapped up a remote internship at The Rithm School where I improved and expanded the student information portal, a large Django App built by a seasoned industry pro ( He set the bar high ). Hit me up if you want to collab or talk sports! [You can check out my website here...](https://www.perryvon.dev/)


- 🔭 I’m currently working on Becoming a better programmer and human being.
- 📫 How to reach me: *me@perryvon.dev*
- 😄 Pronouns: He/Him
- 🌱 I’m currently learning about better testing practices with React and Jest. 
- ⚡ Fun fact: I shoot photography! [check it out](https://perryvon.com)

<!--
**P-v-R/p-v-r** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
